EIP-3085: wallet_addEthereumChain (#3085)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-3085.md

A chain should never be added without the explicit consent of the user, and different chains should be clearly differentiated in the wallet UI.
In service of these goals, the wallet should:

- When receiving a `wallet_addEthereumChain` request, display a user confirmation informing the user that a specific dapp has requested that the chain be added.
  - The confirmation used in [EIP-1102](./eip-1102.md) may serve as a point of reference.
- Ensure that any chain metadata, such as `nativeCurrency` and `blockExplorerUrl`, are validated and used to maximum effect in the UI.
- If the wallet UI has a concept of a "currently selected" or "currently active" chain, ensure that the user understands when a chain added using `wallet_addEthereumChain` becomes selected.

### Validating Chain Data

A wallet that implements `wallet_addEthereumChain` should expect to encounter requests for chains completely unknown to the wallet maintainers.
That said, community resources exist that can be leveraged to verify requests for many Ethereum chains.
The wallet should maintain a list of known chains, and verify requests add chains against that list.

> Indeed, unless there are good reasons not to, the wallet should _prefer its own chain metadata_ over anything submitted with a `wallet_addEthereumChain` request.

Reviewer: Possible amendment:

```suggestion
Indeed, unless there are good reasons not to, the wallet should _make clear to the user the existence of any previously configured chain metadata_ over anything submitted with a subsequent `wallet_addEthereumChain` request.
```

This
- Avoids being overly zealous about wallet defaults, and leaves a friendly path to users adding new custom providers.
- Extends the concern to include any pre-loaded chain metadata, not just wallet-developer provided metadata.
